Hello, good afternoon, how are you?
welcome here to your space with your
friend the teacher jump
now even if it's very simple very
simple very handmade to make
some videos for all of you that
help us find answers
to find the best possible
solutions or just to
reflect on some issues that
They can be very interesting
this is a video to the best test
because obviously I'm using this
device this camera because before I had
the channel has on YouTube
fortunately some malicious person
that he did not like my presence or my
videos or because I did not have a
positive attitude that I shared
advice and messages to other people who
they liked these videos that I had
already uploaded more than 20 videos with very
interesting because he did me the favor of
delete them
from here I send you a very blessing
great to this kind of people so that
so for now
and the light of the universe illuminates them and
find interesting things to do
types that if not the laws of karma
they are accompanying them today tomorrow and
always and mainly talking about
karma you have to keep in mind that
whenever we do some action already
be good or be bad we have
find what
everything we do has a
consequence
we must remember that there are no coincidences
in life there are causalities and if
we are also going through
very difficult moments
situations to the best that seem
adverse very complicated situations very
complex
we do not have to ask ourselves why is it
why this happening is happening to us
such thing we have to ask ourselves better for
what what teaching are we
receiving through the things that we
are happening
sadly you have to remember that when
someone
manufactures a padlock looks for the factory without
have a key available to open or
close this padlock to himself god not
It puts us problems without the
solutions for them
then everything that divides us in the
life because it has a great teaching nothing
more than if we should learn to
reflect why we are succeeded by
things
many times we sometimes refuse to
understand that what happens to us in life
about everything bad is to learn something
but if we start to think
assess and evaluate the actions that we
led to this situation either of
directly or indirectly because this we
will serve so that for the next
again have similar situations or
similar situations in a few words
what is important in life is that
learn not to stumble where on a
same stone and when there are stones that
we are on the road and asia
because they are part of our destiny
because that is our karma or because there is
negative people who have helped us
get behind rocks on the road
we have two options before these stones
that the first one we use to create
a path over this swamp is only
negative about this place so
we are going through and we have a way
firm in solid through which to pass
that space this time and the other way
to use these stones that sometimes
we have on the road thanks to other
people or our personal karma from
with them we can build bigger
fortress walls that protect us from
the ravages of fate we are going to have
a series of videos to whom youtube and
I invite you to also from time to time
when you give a spin to my account
facebook that is high masters to their
orders for you and I leave you a
greeting and a brotherly hug for all
have a great time
soon we will be uploading more videos
interesting see you later and greetings to
all the good friends of morelia de
Mexico and the world